The Regional Economic Model, Inc. (REMI) was founded in 1980 on a transformative idea: government decision-making should test the economic effects of their policies before they are implemented. REMI is committed to providing better understanding of the economy and improving public policy through developing and supporting the use of economic models that inform policymakers.
The REMI model is a dynamic forecasting and policy analysis tool that can be variously referred to as an econometric model, and input-output model, or even a computable general equilibrium model. REMI integrates several modeling approaches, incorporating the strengths of each methodology while overcoming its limitations. The result is a comprehensive model that answer “what if…?” questions about an area’s economy.
REMI Policy Insight is a structural economic forecasting and policy analysis model. It integrates input-output, computable general equilibrium, econometric, and economic geography methodologies. The model is dynamic, with forecasts and simulations generated on an annual basis and behavioral responses to wage, price and other economic factors. 
REMI TranSight is a transportation module built on top of the Policy Insight model to evaluate the total economic effects of changes to transportation systems. TranSight provides an integrated system for comprehensive evaluation of transportation networks and assesses the impact of transportation investments and long-term planning decisions. This approach allows analysts to thoroughly describe the far-reaching economic and operational effects of transportation projects.
Integrating economics with travel demand modeling, TranSight dynamically demonstrates how transportation makes economies competitive. Users can test alternative transportation changes and observe the short and long-term impact on jobs, income, population, and other economic variables. TranSight is a modeling tool that integrates travel demand models with the REMI model and constructed with extensive data on emissions, safety valuation factors, and other data. 
The REMI model consists of thousands of simultaneous equations with a structure that is relatively straightforward. The exact number of equations used varies depending on the extent of industry, demographic, demand, and other detail in the specific model being used. The overall structure of the model can be summarized in five major blocks: (1) Output, (2) Labor and Capital Demand, (3) Populations and Labor Supply, (4) Wages, Prices, and Costs, and (5) Market Shares. 
